you might think that this Isleton is
washing socks as some kind of circus
trick for which he's been specially
trained but not so she is doing this
entirely on her own initiative she's
seen others doing it and she's copying
and that ability to imitate as well as
to use tools is something which started
my monkeys but has been bought to a much
greater level among the Apes and those
two talents were ultimately to lead to
the transformation of the world
camp Leakey in Borneo is home to a
special group of our eggs who have been
rescued from captivity and returned to
the wild because they've lived partly in
our world as well as theirs they can
give us an insight into what we have in
common this old lady loves DIY so does
her son who was born in the wild even
her infant is interested very striking
when you sit as close to an RA Newton as
this to see how similar they are to
human beings we are both of course great
apes but look how human her hamon is the
skill with which she picks things up the
way that she can grasp a tool like that
the way she uses her brain to imitate
what she's seen others doing but the
most important thing to share is our big
brain it's that that has produced so
many of the talents and abilities that
we have in common